All right. Welcome to the end of this lesson.
We've learned a lot.
In this lesson, we've covered architecture,
consumer topic and producer configuration,
and learned best practices on how to monitor those same configuration items.
We've also seen how to delete and manage and encrypt user data.
By the end of this lesson,
you have learned so much information about how Kafka works and you're going
to be ready to apply it not only in future lessons, but in the real world.
So now that we reviewed a lot today,
but knowing this information is worth it and it's really
going to make this journey that much better for you.
In the upcoming lesson,
we're going to start seeing how we can really take
our Kafka data to the next level with data schemas.